.TH ECHANGED 1 "September 9, 2009" "Etools User Manual"
.SH NAME
.PP
echanged \[em] list packages which own modified files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
echanged [\f[I]options\f[]] [\f[I]path\f[]]\&...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Echanged lists packages (installed using portage or a compatible
package manager) which own modified files.
This is similar to \f[B]equery\ check\ <pkgspec>\f[] but more
suitable to get a grand overview of the changes to all packages on
your system.
.PP
Unless \f[B]PATH\f[] or \f[B]--protected\f[] is provided all
installed packages are checked.
By providing \f[B]PATH\f[] (optionally multiple times) the search
is limited to the given directories.
Option \f[B]--protected\f[] limits the search to packages which own
config protected files.
.PP
Unless the \f[B]--quiet\f[] is provided the modified files are
listed along with the package.
Option \f[B]--all\f[] on the other hand causes causes all modified
files of a package to be listed not only those under the provided
PATH or which are config protected.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \[em]version
Show version information and exit.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -h, --help
Show help message and exit.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -q, --quiet
Do not list files along with packages.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -a, --all
List all modified files even if not in <path> or not config
protected.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -p, --protected
Only list packages which own config protected files.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B <\f[I]path\f[]>\&...
Only list files under these directories.
.RS
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\f[B]elone\f[](1), \f[B]equery\f[](1).
.SH AUTHOR
Jonas Bernoulli <jonas@bernoul.li>
