.TH ELONE 1 "September 9, 2009" "Etools User Manual"
.SH NAME
.PP
elone - list files not owned by any package
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
elone [\f[I]options\f[]] [\f[I]path\f[]]\&...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Elone lists files not owned by any package (installed using portage
or a compatible package manager).
Since there likely exist many files that are not owned by any
package \f[I]/etc/eclone.conf\f[] contains patterns for files not
to be listed by elone.
.PP
Think of \f[I]/etc/elone.conf\f[] as a list of files known not to
belong to any package, it starts out with a list of such files that
exist on most gentoo installations.
Use \f[B]--no-exclude\f[] in order not to read this file.
If you want to read exclude patterns from a different file use
\f[B]--exclude\f[].
.PP
Unless \f[B]PATH\f[] or \f[B]--protected\f[] is provided list all
files not explicitly excluded.
By providing \f[B]PATH\f[] (optionally multiple times) the search
is limited to the given directories.
Option \f[B]--protected\f[] limits the search to config protected
files.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \[em]version
Show version information and exit.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -h, --help
Show help message and exit.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -e \f[I]FILE\f[], --exclude \f[I]FILE\f[]
Exclude files in directories listed in \f[B]FILE\f[] instead of the
default.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -n, --no-exclude
Do not use the default (or any other) exclude file.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -p, --protected
Only include config protected files.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B <\f[I]path\f[]>\&...
Only list files under these directories.
.RS
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\f[B]echanged\f[](1).
.SH AUTHOR
Jonas Bernoulli <jonas@bernoul.li>
