Etools -- miscellaneous portage utilities
=========================================

Etools consists of some small miscellaneous portage utilities.  Currently
these tools are most suitable to get a grand overview of changes you have
made to your system, which might be specially handy when you want to copy
over your configurations to another machine or when you make a fresh
install.

Please not that I have quickly written these scripts to scratch an itch.
They seam to work fine and I have taken the extra effort to document them,
but use at your own risk.

Ebuilds are available at http://github.com/tarsius/overlay-confsink/tree/master/app-portage/etools/.

Elone lists files not owned by any package
------------------------------------------

linketl:elone[1] lists files not owned by any package (installed using
portage or a compatible package manager).  Since there likely exist many
files that are not owned by any package */etc/eclone.conf* contains
patterns for files known to be listed by elone.

Echanged lists packages which own modified files
------------------------------------------------

linketl:echanged[1] lists packages (installed using portage or a
compatible package manager) which own modified files.  This is similar to
`equery check <pkgspec>` but more suitable to get a grand overview of the
changes to all packages on your system.

Profile-stack show stack of parent profiles of a portage profile
----------------------------------------------------------------

linketl:profile-stack[1] shows a stack of the parent profiles of the
specified portage profile and optionally the contained files.

Redigest update unmerged manifests in the portage tree
------------------------------------------------------

Redigest updates unmerged manifests and try to continue rebasing (which
doesn't have an effect when merging and fails if there are other
conflicts). An exit status of 1 means you are not done yet with this
commit.

Contact
-------

Thanks and Best Regards,
 
Jonas Bernoulli <jonas@bernoul.li>
